Want to apply for a loan from RDQ Finserv!
Download our mobile app from the Google Play Store or the Apple Play Store and follow the guidelines provided on the screen. Provide the required information to register yourself online.
Know more about the application process!!
Log in with your credentials to complete the application process for the loan you require. Fill up the mandatory fields and fulfil the required criteria. Once you apply, you will be instantly notified about the status of your application.
If you are unable to apply online for some reason, please raise a ticket so that our customer service desk can schedule a call-back and help you with the application process.
Track your application status!
If you fulfil all the mandatory criteria and upload all the required documents, the screen will guide you regarding the next steps to be followed and the in-principle sanction details.
In case of exceptions, our customer service desk will schedule a call back to help you with the relevant procedures.
Getting the money after loan sanction!!
Post submission of your bank details and subject to successful verification of the same from our end, we will remit the loan amount directly to your bank within a maximum of 24hours from the time your loan is sanctioned.
Loan repayment—simple and easy!
After your term loan gets sanctioned, you will be communicated all relevant details of the same like tenure, interest applicable, EMI or (equated monthly instalment) to be paid etc. You can pay this EMI through NACH (National Automated Clearing House).
In case you miss out on an EMI, you can repay the same by using either your Net Banking or your Debit Card through our online payment mechanism.
Checking my live loan status!!
Login from our app dashboard or our website https://rdqfinserv.com/ to get the complete information about your loan, repayment status, statement of accounts, loan amortisation schedule etc. After your pay 100% of your loan, you can also obtain the NOC/NDC from here. You will also be notified in your registered email id.
For any further information or additional queries about your live loan status, you may reach out to our Customer Care team on 033 68260999 or email us support@rdqfinserv.com